W-19166522-DLB-TLS1.1-deprecation (#811)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager: cloudhub/modules/ROOT/pages/dedicated-load-balancer-tutorial.adoc

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:page-aliases: runtime-manager::dedicated-load-balancer-tutorial.adoc

> :page-notice-banner-message: <p>Support for TLS 1.1 and earlier versions in Dedicated Load Balancers (DLB) ends soon. For new DLBs, support for TLS 1.1 and earlier versions ends on <b>October 7, 2025</b>. For existing DLBs, support for TLS 1.1 and earlier versions ends on <b>January 31, 2026</b>. Update your DLB configuration to use TLS 1.2 or a later version to prevent service interruptions. </br>Support for TLS version 1.1 and earlier in CloudHub Shared Load Balancer (SLB) ends on <b>October 17th, 2025</b>. Update your SLB configuration to use TLS 1.2 or a later version to prevent service interruptions.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:page-notice-banner-message: <p>Support for TLS 1.1 and earlier ends soon. For <b>Dedicated Load Balancers (DLBs)</b>, support ends on <b>October 7, 2025</b> for new DLBs and on <b>January 31, 2026</b> for existing DLBs.<br/>For <b>CloudHub Shared Load Balancers (SLBs)</b>, support ends on <b>October 17, 2025</b>. Update your DLB and SLB configurations to use <b>TLS 1.2 or later</b> to prevent service interruptions.</p>
```

Another option to removed some repetition of "support for TLS 1.1 and earlier."
